# Python-API-Challenge
In this homework/challenge we continued adding on from our extensive repertoire in Jupyter Notebook. The main focus was working with APIs and using those sites to work together and use sets of definitions and protocols. In the WeatherPy part of the homework we imported the necessary dependencies and created a random city list using the citipy library. We then pulled information on each city to compare and made a dataframe using json.  We then created scatterplots using matplotlib to compare latitude of cities versus temperature, humidity, cloudiness, and wind speed. We then used these same plots to break the comparisons into northern and southern hemispheres and come to conclusions about them using linear regression trends. After making my assumptions about each relationship, we moved on to VacationPy. In this next part, the real "challenge" began! We again loaded our dependencies and then imported the dataframe that was saved from WeatherPy into the output_data folder. We then used hvplots in pandas to create maps comparing the various cities by their humidity. After narrowing the data and cleaning it, we also added a Hotel name to the dataframe so that we could use our next API to look up the cities and search for hotels close to the given latitude and longitude. After getting a list of hotels (some cities did not have one close enough with the range that we set), we created one last map of those cities using hvplot.
Important note: with the instructions from the module page, it asked us to create a VacationPy and WeatherPy folder. While I did move the files into both, I got nervous about the setup and calling the correct files from the output folder in the WeatherPy folder to be utiilized by the VacationPy assignment.
Personal note: the more we do activities like this, the more happy I am that I decided to do this class! This was very challenging, which is why I unfortunately turned it in a day late. Apologies.
